When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

  When you want you work to be available to others as in cases of a project having multiple contributors.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	Changes might be made on the GitHub version that are not compatible with your remote repository.  This could happen if a GitHub repository has multiple contributors.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

	A fork is a split copy of the repository that the new user can make changes to without affecting the original repository.  A clone will have a direct impact on the initial repository.  A branch would be deviation within a repository.  It could be thought of as a fork WITHIN a repository.  Changes can be made to the new branch without the affecting the master branch of the repository.  One would use a fork when they would like to alter a repository, but don't have permission to make changes to the original.  A clone would be used when one had permission to make changes to the original repository like in case of a team working on a project.  A branch would be used to make experimental changes to a repository without actually affecting the working copy of the program/repository.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

	If you have the last known state of the remote stored locally, you can merge the changes you have made with the last known state of the remote and then push those changes to the GitHub repository.  Alternatively, you could make changes to that last known state directly and then merge those to your master branch (if not currently in master).

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

	Collaborating without GitHub would likely entail detailing what changes you made to a file, likely the location of the changes, and forwarding a copy of the file to the other collaborators.  I cannot see many benefits to collaborating without GitHub, but the convenient access to files and frequent communication would make collaborating much easier.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

	Making changes in a separate branch would be beneficial when working on something experimental like perhaps a new feature.  You always want to keep the master branch in a working state so using branches to add new features or make preliminary changes is helpful.